# IT230Baynes
Final project upload for the IT230 course
The goal of the program is to allow students to register for classes. It has certain limitations, such as, a student may not register for the same class twice and they may not register for more than 9 total credits per term.
I feel like I covered the if/else statements well on this project. They are organized though they are layered. But it manages to be efficient as well and not waste much time going through different steps needlessly. Such as, the first thing it checks is if the course has been registered already. Why check other pieces if that one already comes back true?
The UI was designed to be simple. Originally it was a console command system and that is not intuitive for most people. Switching to a UI, we are able to provide clear feedback to the user. They can actively see their current registered courses and the total credit hours they have quickly and easily.
My approach to debugging and working on code started by others is to begin with: what is the goal of the program? Once I have that, I can assess what their code is trying to do in each section. Then, I go through and make comments on each method. This will ensure I know what it is doing, when, where and how all the pieces link together. After that, I attempt to run the program. If it runs but isn't producing the desired results, why? If it is, I start trying to find glitches or holes in the catch system(if applicable).
I feel like my innovation came from how I had to build the checks. The order and flow of the pieces it is checking had to be logical but also had to be simple enough to run quickly.
